okay so been a long day just got back
from the fair cotton candy right now but
I went to finish this real quick I made
a video with the HLT 590 Bell Bron snare
drum from sonar and the hld 588 barrel
manganese steel chrome plated snare drum
both Signature Series and both great
very very loud very very little tuning
that I do to either of these and I just
put them out there first video is me
just type full snares and then the
second part of the video is interlaced
Trump said groove things I set the
metronome at 1:22 and just just try to
be very uncreate avange us play some
music umm excuse the chops I literally
haven't played my drum set in over six
months and I was feeling it when I was
playing as like what am I tired right
now is because I mean loser and I don't
practice but you know but lesson to you
kids out there when you have kids you
lose all time to to have free time to
practice it seems like so and that's my
excuse someone gonna stick with it so I
hope you enjoy also bonus at the end
there's a part of a video with the
phonic 420 snare drum the piccolo that I
love so it's a great all-around drum
again no retuning I just threw up there
and did it so if you like it great
leave a comment and be sure to check out
my site ken irons Barker calm I've got
some great awesome steel drum CDs on
there you love alright thanks for
looking and oh all the audio of this was
shot on my zoom q3 it's got a stereo
condenser mic in it and it didn't do too
bad picked up the audio fairly well I
thought the videos is fairly poor with
it as anyone would tell you but the
audio on it is great so that's really
what I was going for a good good clean
audio certainly not the end-all video
but there's so few of them out there I
just I just wanted something out there
where you can could listen to it
the Trump set is a set of Rosewood
phonics jazz configuration sighs in my
very very messy basement we've just
moved into but again we'll be enjoy
Thanks